in_windows_exporter_metrics: Write down doescriptions for enhancement of Windows Exporter Metrics plugin (#1009)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: pipeline/inputs/windows-exporter-metrics.md

| Key             | Description                                                            | Default   |
| --------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- |
| scrape\_interval | The rate at which metrics are collected from the host operating system | 5 seconds |

> | we.logical\_disk.allow\_disk\_regex | Specify to be scribable regex for logical disk metrics                 | "/.+/"    |

Reviewer: `scribable` is not really a word, do you mean `allowed`?

Author: Yes, I do. The word is what I wanted to say.

> | we.logical\_disk.allow\_disk\_regex | Specify to be allowed regex for logical disk metrics                   | "/.+/"    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| we.logical\_disk.allow\_disk\_regex | Specify the regex for logical disk metrics to allow collection of. Collect all by default. | "/.+/"    |
```

> | we.logical\_disk.deny\_disk\_regex  | Specify to be denied regex for logical disk metrics                    | `NULL`    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| we.logical\_disk.deny\_disk\_regex  | Specify the regex for logical disk metrics to prevent collection of/ignore. Allow all by default. | `NULL`    |
```

> | we.net.allow\_disk\_regex           | Specify to be allowed regex for net metrics by name of NIC             | "/.+/"    |

Reviewer: I think the setting has a typo here.
Why is there no deny configuration?

Author: There is not typo for this. 
For net collector, I didn't implement for denied regex mechanism. Only for allowed regex here:
https://github.com/fluent/fluent-bit/blob/master/plugins/in_windows_exporter_metrics/we_net.c#L213

Reviewer: It says `disk_regex` which seems to be a typo - I would suspect it says `we.net.allow_nic_name_regex` or something.

Currently this seems to select all names so presumably you would deny by modifying the regex to exclude them?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| we.net.allow\_nic\_name\_regex           | Specify the regex for network metrics captured by the name of the NIC, by default captures all NICs but to exclude adjust the regex. | "/.+/"    |
```

Author: Ah, good catch. Actually, I've overlooked for the typo. I'd fixed them in https://github.com/fluent/fluent-bit-docs/pull/1009/commits/f99bff047f845e1e8df04566f9d864adff02fd05.
